The S3 bucket that we created is either in
US East one or possibly somewhere else if
you made it somewhere else, and
that doesn't really matter.
But as we kind of refer to along the way,
some places are further
from Virginia than others.
There's a free geography lesson for you.
Not only are we fun in Masters, but
also geography masters is our next
product that will be launching soon.
It takes people longer to get
those applications cuz of physics.
Yes, computers can get faster, but
electrons are only gonna move
at max at the speed of light.
So turns out probably not getting around
that one until quantum computing really,
and all sorts of other physics has
to happen to make that happen.
Also even then, they don't just go
through the air as a series of tubes or
really cables but let's go with tubes.
They get all of our bits and
bytes everywhere.
So you have a few options is you could
make a whole bunch of S3 buckets, right?
Put it in like S3 buckets
around the world or
if you think about where your API is
gonna go, you could theoretically
pick where you feel like your
customer base is going to be.
And that that's an option, right?
And for some of your server side stuff
if you're not using some of the globally
distributed databases, I think dynamo
has a globally distributed option.
I think Aurora there SQL database,
you can also have a global option but
they have limitations.
For some levels, you have to do that, for
us disaster recovery
stuff along those lines.
But as front end engineers,
we're not gonna worry about that.
We're putting text files on the internet
like the 1990s, right [LAUGH].
We could just put those
text files everywhere.
That's gonna be what we do.
So CloudFront has a ever out of date map.
This is not the out of date version
of it but at any given point,
it could be out of date.
I think last time we did
this course three years ago,
there was 144 edge locations,
now there's over 300, right?
So there's just basically little kinda
data centers spread throughout the world,
and we're gonna put our app
on all of them easily, right?
We're technically not, but it's really
not important [LAUGH] that's the detail.
So let's kind of look at the before and
after of the real world
application that we had that
I took some measurements for.
Which is, you can guess that is
probably in around US East one.
See the green is all close to like
the East Coast of the United States.
And the further that you get, the longer
even takes, this is time to first byte.
This isn't even the entire
time to get the application,
this is time before the very first
byte hits their browsers, right?
So it's like,
it's over 10 times almost just shy
of 20 times worse in kind of Australia and
some parts of South Asia.
That is before CloudFront,
this is after, right?
So you see a lot more green
in this case as well.
CloudFront also supports
HTTP/2 out of the box.
What is that and why is it great?
So the way that it worked before
HTTP/2 is you send a request for
a thing, it sends you some bytes back.
If you send more bytes that's under
the request, it sends more bytes back,
it can do one thing at a time.
Browsers cheated for
a while and they still cheat,
and they'll open up 6 of
those connections, right,
to try to get you 6 times as much stuff
in parallel, but even then they give up.
And so
there used to be a whole bunch of tricks.
If you really wanna optimize your
performance as you put your images on one
subdomain, cuz it was 6 to a given domain.
You put some images there, and
you put your CSS there, and
you start to break stuff up.
So you have more than 6.
Well, so this HTTP/2 which is just like
what if we just like multiplex all
this and we'll just send you everything
kind of as a constant Stream and
an open connection,
that is how she HTTP/2 works.
There's some other bonuses, so we talked
about you pay for requests from S3.
You pay to get data out of S3.
If CloudFront serves that request,
you're not hitting S3 and
it's way cheaper to serve
it from CloudFront.
I think there was, is it five?
It's 5 gigabytes of free transfer,
I don't remember the top of my head,
I had this slide earlier.
Terabytes, terabytes, yeah, of transfer.
I thought it was big as far as transfers,
whatever, we can figure it out.
But it's a lot cheaper and yeah,
it won't hit your S3 bucket at all, right?
The other part that's nice is
it's not just about the distance.
When you normally would go hit
your server in US East one or
wherever you were hosting your assets,
your request has to go through
the public internet with all
the other public internet traffic,
gross, right?
We're using CloudFront,
it hits the CloudFront edge node, and
then Amazon has their own private
cables that it goes through.
Yeah, right, fits with your
mental model and goes through and
kind of gets all the bytes.
So it's usually faster even to get
to wherever the S3 bucket is over
Amazon's private networks, than it is
going over the public internet as well.
So keeping requests from going to S3
in the beginning is obviously cheaper,
because it reduce our cost because
we're paying for requests out of there.
At the same time, it's also faster
when it does have to go there and
we'll kind of look at
another chart real quick.
So the other kinda cool part
about how it works is there's
like multiple stops along the way,
which is you had all of those
little intermediate nodes which
are kind of shown right here.
Then you have see these
bigger yellow ones,
these are the regional edge caches, right?
Which is so let's say they go
to hit this one right here and
it's not there, it's not gonna
go all the way back to Virginia,
it's gonna go to the closest
regional edge cache first.
So somebody request file.
If we have it right near them,
give it to them immediately.
If we don't have it right near them,
okay, go to the regional edge caches.
Do we have it somewhere close to them?
No, at which point go all
the way back to Virginia.
And then on the way back the other way,
we'll put it in all of those places.
So when I said that little thing before
about how we're gonna put our application
all over the world with tactically,
now we're gonna put it in our bucket.
But as it goes through all the different
edge nodes to get to our customers,
Amazon's gonna leave it
in all those places so
that when future requests come in, then we
don't necessarily have to pay that cost.
Cool, one other quick note is just
to talk about headers a little bit.
Generally speaking, CloudFront is gonna
ignore most of the request headers, right?
So anything in there around any
special header you might rely on.
We don't rely on any for
the purposes of we're building today for
our static assets.
I mentioned it because it
will just drop them, why?
It will drop them because it's trying to
figure out, do I already have something in
either the regional edge cache or the edge
node that I can just give them by carrying
about necessarily maybe the cookie or what
user agent or something along those lines.
If it's the same JavaScript file, I don't
care that they're using Safari versus
Chrome, just gives them
the JavaScript file, right?
So it tries to ignore as much about
the requests as they can possibly get
away with.
And that is almost always the right case.
I only mentioned this because if there's
in our app we need to a special header to
get set for authentication, you do need to
allow that through and so on and so forth.
It will also add in some of its own
headers after it hits the edge node.
And you can take a lucky guess
what sets these to true.
I'll leave that as like an exercise.
In this case which is if it's
a desktop viewer, and so
you can do stuff when we get to
the lambda that just kind of stuff
a little bit later where you can
maybe shrink an image, right?
We'll kind of mostly talk
about some of those things.
The actual writing image resizing
code is its own thing, but
you can kind of get a little bit of
knowledge about where it's coming from,
and do some really interesting stuff with
the request itself as we go through.
All right, cool.
Let's go check on our CloudFront
distribution, shall we?
Say go back to cloud farm.
We'll go ahead and
we'll check out our distribution, and so
I should be able to grab this domain.
And we can see that it
works in this case and
super awesome.clicks should work as well.
What happens I do GTPS HTTPS now works.
We have that little lock up there as well.
Pretty sure we set it to redirect, but
I also might have old DNS
records in here as well.
So we can figure that in a second.
But yeah, so
now our app works super awesome.
A click is secure HTTPS,
we can go refresh one of these pages.
In this case, it still works and
everything is pretty good.
That's good to know.
So now, this is all kind of in place.
Does that one now is everyone
else's distribution?
You need a second, all right?
>> Can you show where you associate
CloudFront in route 53, I guess,
I had to regenerate my SSL?
>> [LAUGH] All right, yeah,
I'll show that one more time in case
you had to To regenerate your cert, so
go into route 53.
Go to registered domains.
Now mine will be set up in this case, but
we can still kind of show
where we go to manage DNS.
Click that little button because
just yeah, you hit View Details.
Then you find a record,
so we got two of them.
We got the regular bear domain, and
then we've got the www bro
that will edit the record, and
the alias instead of to an S3 should
be CloudFront distribution and
that should then be
the autocomplete in that case